good ones
and vinegar so you can imagine it just one lap
revolts for the bbc that was healthy from the ham
well it's not too late now we have the asparagus that you have a little while
following the sheet in the cafe they interact fried eating but this
time
is ready for this second quarter
well we are there we are in the program
then the first oil
this generous with the oil yes yes yes
tevez ariel center in positive and how long should we have the
Asparagus in very hot oil good about 10 12 min
3 twelve minutes worth and we have said very important so we have it here
behind
only the yolk the wolf stem will count so that it can be used to make
a soup a sopita of where you can you can said said achievement we are going to
send and advance your taxi 6 17 hey told me that the specialty of the house
that this iris and
the rise in the rebound for the community and why we do not throw
marisela zara because that was the first time and bed inside the small area
to give him to work on anything so he can not work on new flights
zinho jorginho these to how many people we are preparing nothing for the 3 337
I can not
I love the skill that cooks fear
breaking the webcam for which envy will exceed
frames also sends well if in life but good is also very good that
they have it and I love to see where they cook to be parents and guardians
from the kitchen was five years five years old I want that
I know men cook and in some cases better than women good
depends on circumstances
if you do it with love of course there is the key to a sidewalk contrary to
today there are in the state are the salt if it jumps rosario
It was very famous
we are the habits of ham
in the march here directly to take advantage of a car wash achara in a
skillet
to be the part
so that the ham is done before the spaces that before
of the earth not
- Santo Domingo
of the Saints of Maimona
very hot oil and we all have that ham already
this time hammered a hit fixed a tap a touch to make them a
little bit and automatically 0 - ajax
for this reason the distortion is brewing
this secret I am very sore and advise and
and marching
pure nerve tas and this is not accusing them well
why not not to be able
what is the microphone about once sara bonanza so healthy
instead of being called that
rather things so that later I do not complain
very well done that you have to do modern model moma the govern nothing more
continued its time was something
according to the source cited
it is argued that he can not tolerate
that very few but you have to make light last with another
maybe a little bit of flavor
we are also just a small handout the flight effectively
the pri has a simple recipe if very typical in this land and to treat and
cheap to try back
querétaro
or the asparagus is in the field because of the color it won in progression
then what is there already for it a contest
arno after a first dish this criminal are telling the truth because
they will be wonderful season
the inegi up so now is when the best asparagus are coming out
with the students for North Korea, time sang a little
and then late
I expected it and very much burress a little oil
benito isto especially
Martin finished
with the scrambled plated and we return to because here
ayman asparagus and so will give us another small idea also a recipe
simple very from our land
and economic that we do not forget
ap we are in crisis is there is the state is ready to serve for
cover them we serve
and with this thesis our first bet of the afternoon Sara
we issued in a little bit less taseval but we still do not reveal what
let's paste the doctor you will see
formerly
then we will return in a few minutes
grace winged maehara
for now let's continue with another recipe also very simple because it is the key
this afternoon
also based on asparagus and which has practically the same
ingredients
that has been stirred except for ham and what
yes
this hairpin of unemployed cortitas to high is the same process
the asparagus
by has infringed a very hot oil and then we add two three four
votes depending on taste I do not want to lie depends on the person harvested
these will be percent more than the return that Thursday specialty a
a little more
has also been at the forefront of what
without mentioning something completely different totally different now is
different from the flavor that the tortilla has
the new work has given
and they are much less just salt is added salt and good nothing more
another star dish ares the house and I the truth of these associations
I was scrambled
but in addition to these the long rebound approved but you will say almost what
we have tested two billion in a little while in this one
in the titan path of connection and connection to the envied silvera have been
eaten a dish of the centennial mountain general a saucer amon-ra
land that have stayed something we go with the wonderful mouth that we have
remain serappers will oscillate between one to tito
let's try the scrambled we were going to try this tortilla too
jean-claude days to taste there are also who likes the game more curdled and
that you like a little bit - more, add another minor from Chad
Weighed on another
understands
and they are cheap pasik recipes to finish back cheaply we said before the
skilful skill look how they turn
to the tortilla and I do it at home he tried
and it madonna me part other cities to declare
the tortilla every time I eat it and if I drop it almost entirely I see that
do not
he has a lot of skill for many years
guano a few security
eta has quite badly stopped that the game itself clear clear the tortilla
must set a precedent and not
we're not glad that sometimes it does not turn out well so let's remember while
everyone
the coffers will do
what with asparagus very seasonal now I return aszal and oil we can
make these two great recipes scrambled
boxes and in addition
and we add a few taquitos of Extremadura Iberian ham then she
let's read that little dot but also
they take advantage as the taxi said
stems to make soup
soup key
some basic notions almost as we can see a good soup of
asparagus and quote them from living such
then devotee club supportive lathe of the others do not have any
difficulty
It is very tasty they are known by the citizenship that we call another day
so you can opt for them whenever and whenever you want and without problems
after that game as we took it out I'm going to pass a little dish
nokia has talked
Tace has also brought us a piece of wood from here, from the burguillos del
hill with what we can accompany being nicky seven times the chaco and
to make asparagus peace and before we tasted the ham
now in a little while it will end with Sara but we go together with Lieutenant and not
We look forward to a good snack when you can be
great has placed the zaragoza soup and for now as a preview
Well they will go as I said recipe
the freckles
simple ibarra inks good measure in the mall I like the idea that I'm going
to close tonight that I spent some asparagus to very good killings
environment for your part